you know my life Simon can be pretty
funny it was only a few weeks ago that
events in my life led me to fully
understand the lesson of daring don't in
fact if a similar lesson had been given
for princess Twilight Sparkle I might
not have had enough context through
personal experience to properly
interpret and convey this I'm guilty on
multiple counts of falling short of
daring downes moral it's also a TED
complex so be sure to pay attention
because I know I had to it's good to
have role models heroes or people we
look up to in general in fact it's even
important that we have those figures in
our lives as it is extremely difficult
to know how we can better ourselves
without having some form of comparison
by which we can mark our progress
without this people often become
prematurely satisfied with themselves
and stop growing or they forget what
they were striding towards and lose
motivation however it's very easy to aim
too high when this happens it's even
easier to fall into the rudd of placing
those we admire on such a pedestal that
we forget our own worth just as Twilight
had said this will leave us in a state
of perpetual want for a goal that cannot
be achieved conversely it's also likely
that when our heroes themselves fail to
uphold the standard that we place them
on we lose motivation to be like them I
see both of these scenarios make people
give up on their goals on a regular
basis Rainbow Dash allowed her
perceptions of derring-do to color her
judgement while simultaneously getting
swept up in the idea of being part of
something alongside her heroine first
the performance anxiety made her has a
10 interactions which is devastating for
a character that has been shown to work
terribly under this type of pressure her
vision of how the quest should pan out
in terms of living up to the vision
she'd gotten from the books stopped her
from finding the simplest solution her
reverence combined with an eagerness to
be like her heroine distract and
derring-do several times and worsen the
situation when she was fully rejected by
daring Rainbow Dash took it hard and
understandably so this is when it fully
hit her that if she couldn't be anything
more than a distraction to her heroine
then she wasn't worthwhile to the
situation then was led to believe that
everyone involved would be better off if
she wasn't involved Rainbow Dash
experience both previously mentioned
pitfalls of not only her heroine not
being able to live up to preconceived
expectations but
also realizing that she can't live up to
those expectations herself at this point
she's dealing with major confidence loss
on two levels when we meet these
pitfalls it's important for us to step
back and remember exactly who and where
we are as well as why we are striving
towards our goals we may want to be like
our heroes but we are not our heroes we
can do good works as ourselves so we
need not waste our time trying to be
like them when we can focus on being
just as good or better in our own way
those we look up to need only serve as
inspiration and fuel for aspiration
conversely we need to remember that more
often than not our heroes are just other
people that we look up to they will all
likely have just as many if not more
character flaws as you do that you will
not likely see unless you get a chance
to be close to them for extended periods
of time like what we saw in daring dolt
Rainbow Dash is not daring do the path
through life that derring-do tuck
allowed her to become derring-do my
Rainbow Dash took a different path a
path that led her to be the only pony to
perform a Sonic Rainboom and a double
rainboom at least twice each a path that
led her to be a part of saving her
country on multiple occasions a path
that led her to the Wonderbolt academy
and will hopefully lead her to becoming
a full-fledged wonderbolt someday
Rainbow Dash is not derring-do she is
often tactless hot-headed and jumps into
conflicts way too quickly without
analyzing them first we're derring-do
tends to be strategic and cunning
however Rainbow Dash is loyal brave and
ready to help whoever she can whenever
she can we're derring-do is cold and
callous with interpersonal interactions
as soon as rainbow remembered these
things and climbed out of those after
mentioned pitfalls she was able to show
her heroine just how valuable and
helpful she is as herself so if we can
know how to look up to our heroes while
still being able to step back to
evaluate ourselves and know how to apply
our individual strengths then perhaps we
can do the same and that's the moral of
the story
if you have a topic you would like to
hear discussed or if you have an episode
fanfiction product or anything else you
would like to you reviewed send me a
YouTube message or leave a comment below
you can also drop comments questions
topic suggestions and review suggestions
by liking brownie debates on facebook
following on twitter or sending an email
to brownie debate a yahoo com have a
great day and i look forward to hearing
from all of you soon